Q: What are operators? Types of Operators?
Q: What is a condition? different ways of implementing conditions.
Q: What is looping ? What are different ways of implementing looping?
Q: What is function ? how to implement functions in a program ?
Q: what is a data type? What are the different types of data types in a program?

Answers:

1:
An operator in a programming language is a symbol that tells the compiler or interpreter to perform specific mathematical, 
relational or logical operation and produce final result.

Types of Operators:
a)Arithmetic Operators
Computer programs are widely used for mathematical calculations.
b)Relational Operators
Operators that are used to compare values

2:
An if statement can be followed by an optional else if...else statement, which is very useful to test various conditions using
single if...else if statement.

When using if, else if, else statements there are a few points to keep in mind.
An if can have zero or one else's and it must come after any else if's.
An if can have zero to many else if's and they must come before the else.
Once an else if succeeds, none of the remaining else if's or else's will be tested.

Conditions can be implemented using If else if Statements or even Loops (while , for , do-while etc)


3:
A loop statement allows us to execute a statement or group of statements multiple times 
 Different Types of loops :
 -While loop
 -Do-while loop
 -For loop
 
 4:
 A function is a block of organized, reusable code that is used to perform a single, related action. Functions provide better 
 modularity for your application and a high degree of code reusing.
 
 Syntax 
 AccessSpecifier ReturnType functionName (parameterName)
 {
 //body of the function
 }
 obj.functionname();
 
 5:
 Data types represent the different values to be stored in the variable. In java, there are two types of data types:

-Primitive data types
  There are eight primitive datatypes supported by Java. Primitive datatypes are predefined by the language and named by a keyword.
  eg:byte,Long,int,float,double etc.

-Non-primitive data types
  Reference variables are created using defined constructors of the classes. They are used to access objects. These variables are 
  declared to be of a specific type that cannot be changed. For example, Employee, Puppy, etc. Class objects and various type of array variables come under reference datatype.
  Default value of any reference variable is null. A reference variable can be used to refer any object of the declared type or any compatible type.

    eg: strings and array
 
 